You listen
It's him. That's him.
Isn't he Song Yongjiang, Mr. Su's assistant?
Mr. Su, which Mr. Su?
Of course, it's Su Mingzhe, the president of Jiangcheng Su Group
Mr. Su's son is also in this hospital
The Su family is the Su family again
What are you doing here?
Mr. Zhou, why are you here?
What is he doing here?
Yeah, he said that.
Last night?
Someone sneaked into his mother's bridal chamber
I just checked a surveillance camera
It's Song Yuanjiang, Mr. Su's assistant
Song Yuanjiang, is Ming Zhe also eyeing Li Hongyi?
To avenge Xiaohui
So let Song Yuanjiang secretly investigate him
It must be a misunderstanding
Come out for me
I apply to find you.